PUT YOUR LIFE ON THE LINE FOR KIM IL SUNG,
DEAR LEADER OF THE CENTRAL COMMITTEE
Because your son failed the mission,
we lost 300 million dollars.
The party's 300 million dollars.
Have you forgotten our Leader
ordered us to get it done at all costs?
It's too early
to say the mission has failed.
Too early?
You think your son,
who's holding people hostage
in the middle of Seoul,
will come back with 300 million dollars?
The party will make a decision soon.
Prepare yourself.
We failed our mission,
so there's only one option left for us.
To kill them all
and blow ourselves up.
It's too early for that. We must try
our best to go back alive until the end.
I'll buy as much time as--
We shouldn't beg them for negotiation.
Blowing ourselves up…
is the only way
to defend the honor of our Leader.
We'll be dying for nothing.
Dying for nothing?
You son of a b****.
You dare to call it dying for nothing?
To shoot all the hostages dead
and blow ourselves up in a determined way
is the most honorable death for us!
I'll decide if we must die or not.
I'm your leader.
You're just a soft guy
from a powerful family. How dare you
disrespect the revolutionary spirit?
It would've gone smoothly
if you hadn't come to the dorm!
Hey, Yeong-ro. Do something.
You and he must be close.
Do something for us!
What could she do?
we were also fooled.
She didn't know he was a spy either.
She didn't?
Look what she got us into.
"I didn't know" won't cut it.
You guys from room 207
are accomplices. So be quiet.
Accomplices?
Look, I'm also mad at Yeong-ro.
I told you we shouldn't have hid him!
But it is true that we really thought
he was a college student we met on a date.
And you met him with us.
She's right.
And he was your partner that day.
-Partner?
-Bun-ok's partner?
She joined them?
So you think you did nothing wrong?
Stop arguing!
The ANSP agent was just dragged out.
We must find a way to get out alive.
Why take it out on me?
You think we can find any way
in this situation?
Byeong-tae!
Do something.
You'll be commissioned soon.
Will you just sit back?
Isn't there any manual
for a situation like this?
Actually…
There's nothing in particular.
But…
With my great leadership
and sense of duty to save your lives,
let me tell you something.
In 1972, there was a hostage situation
during the Munich Olympics.
And the West German police
dealt with it in such an idiotic way,
so all the hostages
were killed.
-Oh, no.
-All of them?
You didn't know?
It's a well-known tragedy.
Anyway, even the West German
police failed like that.
So the Korean police and ANSP…
We should never count on them.
For now,
those bastards…
We should
do as those bastards say
if we want to stay alive.
God, you idiot!
-You stupid…
-What?
You idiot.
You little…
Keep quiet!
How will you handle
the consequences of the failed mission?
I'm the leader.
I'll take full responsibility.
You did nothing wrong.
I'll go back alive at all cost
and take responsibility.
Responsibility?
You're a coward begging for your life
even after being fooled twice.
How will you do that?